[Reference] Revisit the ingestion tools landing page (#1354)
elastic/docs-content: reference/ingestion-tools/index.md

# Ingestion tools

This section contains reference information for ingestion tools, including:

* Fleet and agent
* APM
* Beats
* Processor reference
* Logstash
* Logstash Plugins
* Logstash Versioned Plugin Reference
* Elastic Serverless forwarder for AWS
* Search connectors
* ES for Apache Hadoop
* Elastic in integrations

> For more information about the ingestion tools, check out the [Ingest tools overview](docs-content://manage-data/ingest/tools.md) documentation.

Reviewer: Would it help to give people an idea of what's different about the non-reference info?
Hopefully the solution to the build error is to just drop the repo info:
```suggestion
For introductory content and broader overviews, check out the [Ingest tools overview](/manage-data/ingest/tools.md) documentation.
```
